UNIT FILE                                   STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static         
-.mount                                     generated      
boot-efi.mount                              generated      
boot.mount                                  generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                         static         
dev-mqueue.mount                            static         
home.mount                                  generated      
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static         
tmp.mount                                   disabled       
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static         
session-5.scope                             transient      
arp-ethers.service                          disabled       
atd.service                                 enabled        
auditd.service                              enabled        
autovt@.service                             enabled        
blk-availability.service                    disabled       
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static         
chrony-wait.service                         disabled       
chronyd.service                             disabled       
cockpit-motd.service                        static         
cockpit.service                             static         
console-getty.service                       disabled       
container-getty@.service                    static         
cpupower.service                            disabled       
cron.service                                enabled        
crond.service                               enabled        
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      masked         
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service      enabled        
dbus.service                                static         
dbxtool.service                             disabled       
debug-shell.service                         disabled       
dm-event.service                            static         
dmraid-activation.service                   enabled        
dnf-makecache.service                       static         
dracut-cmdline.service                      static         
dracut-initqueue.service                    static         
dracut-mount.service                        static         
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static         
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static         
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static         
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static         
dracut-shutdown.service                     static         
ebtables.service                            disabled       
emergency.service                           static         
euleros-security.service                    disabled       
firewalld.service                           enabled        
fstrim.service                              static         
getty@.service                              enabled        
grub-boot-indeterminate.service             static         
halt-local.service                          static         
haveged.service                             disabled       
hwclock-save.service                        disabled       
import-state.service                        disabled       
initrd-cleanup.service                      static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static         
initrd-switch-root.service                  static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static         
ipmi.service                                disabled       
iprdump.service                             disabled       
iprinit.service                             disabled       
iprupdate.service                           disabled       
irqbalance.service                          enabled        
kbox.service                                enabled        
kdump.service                               enabled        
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static         
kpatch.service                              disabled       
ksecurec.service                            enabled        
ldconfig.service                            static         
libstoragemgmt.service                      enabled        
lldpad.service                              disabled       
loadmodules.service                         disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        static         
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       static         
lvm2-monitor.service                        enabled        
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static         
man-db-cache-update.service                 static         
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static         
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static         
mdmon@.service                              static         
mdmonitor.service                           enabled        
messagebus.service                          static         
mlocate-updatedb.service                    static         
network.service                             generated      
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          enabled        
NetworkManager.service                      enabled        
nftables.service                            disabled       
nis-domainname.service                      disabled       
ntpd.service                                disabled       
ntpdate.service                             disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service           static         
packagekit.service                          static         
polkit.service                              static         
psacct.service                              disabled       
quotaon.service                             static         
ras-mc-ctl.service                          disabled       
rasdaemon.service                           enabled        
rc-local.service                            static         
rdisc.service                               disabled       
realmd.service                              static         
rescue.service                              static         
rhsm-facts.service                          disabled       
rhsm.service                                disabled       
rhsmcertd.service                           disabled       
rngd.service                                enabled        
rpcbind.service                             enabled        
rsyslog.service                             enabled        
selinux-autorelabel-mark.service            disabled       
selinux-autorelabel.service                 static         
serial-getty@.service                       disabled       
smartd.service                              enabled        
sshd-keygen@.service                        disabled       
sshd.service                                enabled        
sshd@.service                               static         
sssd-autofs.service                         indirect       
sssd-kcm.service                            indirect       
sssd-nss.service                            indirect       
sssd-pac.service                            indirect       
sssd-pam.service                            indirect       
sssd-ssh.service                            indirect       
sssd-sudo.service                           indirect       
sssd.service                                disabled       
sysalarm.service                            disabled       
syslog.service                              enabled        
sysmonitor.service                          disabled       
sysstat-collect.service                     static         
sysstat-summary.service                     static         
sysstat.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service               static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static         
systemd-backlight@.service                  static         
systemd-binfmt.service                      static         
systemd-coredump@.service                   static         
systemd-exit.service                        static         
systemd-firstboot.service                   static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                   enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                       static         
systemd-halt.service                        static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static         
systemd-hibernate.service                   static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static         
systemd-initctl.service                     static         
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static         
systemd-journal-flush.service               static         
systemd-journald.service                    static         
systemd-kexec.service                       static         
systemd-localed.service                     static         
systemd-logind.service                      static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static         
systemd-modules-load.service                static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service        enabled        
systemd-networkd.service                    enabled        
systemd-portabled.service                   static         
systemd-poweroff.service                    static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static         
systemd-random-seed.service                 static         
systemd-reboot.service                      static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static         
systemd-resolved.service                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.service                      static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service      static         
systemd-suspend.service                     static         
systemd-sysctl.service                      static         
systemd-sysusers.service                    static         
systemd-time-wait-sync.service              disabled       
systemd-timedated.service                   masked         
systemd-timesyncd.service                   enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static         
systemd-udevd.service                       static         
systemd-update-done.service                 static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static         
systemd-user-sessions.service               static         
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service               static         
tcsd.service                                disabled       
teamd@.service                              static         
timedatex.service                           disabled       
tuned.service                               enabled        
unbound-anchor.service                      static         
usb_modeswitch@.service                     static         
user-runtime-dir@.service                   static         
user@.service                               static         
xfs_scrub@.service                          static         
xfs_scrub_all.service                       static         
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                     static         
user.slice                                  static         
cockpit.socket                              disabled       
dbus.socket                                 static         
dm-event.socket                             enabled        
lldpad.socket                               disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                         enabled        
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                        enabled        
rpcbind.socket                              enabled        
sshd.socket                                 disabled       
sssd-autofs.socket                          disabled       
sssd-kcm.socket                             disabled       
sssd-nss.socket                             disabled       
sssd-pac.socket                             disabled       
sssd-pam-priv.socket                        disabled       
sssd-pam.socket                             disabled       
sssd-ssh.socket                             disabled       
sssd-sudo.socket                            disabled       
syslog.socket                               static         
systemd-coredump.socket                     static         
systemd-initctl.socket                      static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket               static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket             static         
systemd-journald.socket                     static         
systemd-networkd.socket                     enabled        
systemd-rfkill.socket                       static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static         
dev-mapper-euleros\x2dswap.swap             generated      
basic.target                                static         
bluetooth.target                            static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static         
cryptsetup.target                           static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                         disabled       
default.target                              indirect       
emergency.target                            static         
exit.target                                 disabled       
final.target                                static         
getty-pre.target                            static         
getty.target                                static         
graphical.target                            static         
halt.target                                 disabled       
hibernate.target                            static         
hybrid-sleep.target                         static         
initrd-fs.target                            static         
initrd-root-device.target                   static         
initrd-root-fs.target                       static         
initrd-switch-root.target                   static         
initrd.target                               static         
iprutils.target                             disabled       
kexec.target                                disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                         static         
local-fs.target                             static         
multi-user.target                           indirect       
network-online.target                       static         
network-pre.target                          static         
network.target                              static         
nss-lookup.target                           static         
nss-user-lookup.target                      static         
paths.target                                static         
poweroff.target                             disabled       
printer.target                              static         
reboot.target                               disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                    disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                        static         
remote-fs.target                            enabled        
rescue.target                               static         
rpcbind.target                              static         
runlevel0.target                            disabled       
runlevel1.target                            static         
runlevel2.target                            indirect       
runlevel3.target                            indirect       
runlevel4.target                            indirect       
runlevel5.target                            static         
runlevel6.target                            disabled       
selinux-autorelabel.target                  static         
shutdown.target                             static         
sigpwr.target                               static         
sleep.target                                static         
slices.target                               static         
smartcard.target                            static         
sockets.target                              static         
sound.target                                static         
sshd-keygen.target                          static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target               static         
suspend.target                              static         
swap.target                                 static         
sysinit.target                              static         
system-update-pre.target                    static         
system-update.target                        static         
time-sync.target                            static         
timers.target                               static         
umount.target                               static         
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                        disabled       
dnf-makecache.timer                         enabled        
fstrim.timer                                disabled       
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                    static         
mlocate-updatedb.timer                      disabled       
sysstat-collect.timer                       enabled        
sysstat-summary.timer                       enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static         
unbound-anchor.timer                        disabled       
xfs_scrub_all.timer                         disabled       

307 unit files listed.
